Mr. Tang
Who is this kid?
Could it be your new apprentice?
Yes, it's your junior brother
Call senior brother
Tang Jin is too much, you are content
I haven't asked him to call you Second Senior Brother yet
Never mind.
No matter how high the martial arts are, I am afraid of kitchen knives
I'm a fool if I don't have any eyesight
Okay, you Tang Jian
I'm wondering if you don't like me anyway
I used to like small ones.
Hey, I found out why you like to reverse black and white so much?
It's obviously you who are spending time outside
And how young is he?
Okay, remember to invite me to dinner when you have time. It's almost enough.
Keep me clean
Excuse me, cover people.
In fact, I just came here to apply if I could bake something and take it back.
No, boss means good
OK, I'll go first then.
But Lawyer Tang
There are some things I still want to ask you in person, which is more convenient.
It's okay. You can call me anytime.
Really? Then thank Lawyer Tang, cousin.
You are blatantly against the law firm in front of me, right? I have always been an upright person
I asked him to call me. Why?
Even if I'm not representing him
I'm just his friend
Can't you make a phone call?
Can't you help me?
Is there a problem?
It doesn't matter, what if you think there is a problem?
You can still go to the boss to complain.
I don't mind
You are awesome